My battery lasts longer than your relationships.
I’m surprised at you level of stupidity.
Life is good, you should get one.
I may not be super smart but compared to you I am Albert Einstein.
It is not insult from another that causes you pain. It is the part of your mind that agrees with the insult. Agree only with the truth about you, and you are free.
Please don’t interupt me when I’m ignoring you.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief.
He is known as an idiot savant, minus the savant.
I never insult any people I only tell them what they are.
You can’t control what other people say about you, but you can control how you respond.
The trash will get picked up tomorrow, be ready.
Did you forget your brain in your mother’s womb? Cause I’m pretty sure you did.
Allowing you to survive childbirth was medical malpractice.
The degree of your stupidity is enough to boil water.
Your stupidity is so high I would like to kill myself and to do that I would have to jump from your ego to your IQ.
I would love to insult you, but I’m afraid I won’t do as well as nature did.
You are not useless because you can still be used as a bad example.
The only reason Wiz Khalifa made the song black and yellow was because of your teeth.
If stupidity was a profession then you’d be a billionaire.
Are you sure this is your territory?
I’ve heard of being hit with the ugly stick, but you must have been beaten senseless.
When you die you could leave your brain to medical science, I’ve heard they need a new doorstop.
Your mama is so fat that when God said let there be light, he first has to shove her out of the way.
Of course I talk like an idiot. How else could you understand me?
Sorry what? I don’t understand idiot language.
I’m sorry, but you must die young. For the good of the universe just die young.
Your mom had a severe case of diarrhea when you were born.
Your mom never knew she was pregnant that’s why you were born in the toilet.
You’re so ugly when your mom took you to the hospital the first doctor she met told her please I’m not a veterinary doctor.
Can you please wipe your mouth. You’re dribbling sh*t again!
I can explain it to you but I can’t understand it for you.
I’d love to stay and chat but I’d be lying.
Jesus loves you.(Everyone else thinks you suck)
You look like the failed first draft of a final fantasies character.
Your head is just there to keep your ears apart.
Fools are temporary.
But Stupids like you are forever.
Go back to your planet. Earth is full.
If brains were gasoline you wouldn’t have enough to propel a flea’s motorcycle around a doughnut.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get the hell away from you.
I didn’t know the trash from your head could come out of your mouth.
Oh I’m sorry, were we supposed to dress stupid today?
You say you worth all the diamonds in the world, but when I look at you, you look like you worth all the rubbish in the world.
I am glad God gave us you, otherwise what else would we be comparing ugliness to?
I respect those, who hate me by showing my middle finger.
Can you please fake my absence in my presence please!
Even your mom loves you only as a friend !!!
I wouldn’t say you are ugly but rather facially challenged.
Try rolling your eyes, maybe you could find a brain back there.
You were born on the freeway, where accidents happen.
You’re not ugly, you’re just not someone to look at.
You’re so ugly that you wouldn’t even look at yourself either.
You’re so ugly, a sniper wouldn’t take you out.
If I wanted to kill myself I’ll have to climb your ego and then jump to your IQ.
Hi-my name is beauty. Who are you? The beast?
If you look up the definition of moron in the dictionary there will be a picture of you.
What’d you do to piss off the person with the ugly stick?
You are so fat, people jog around you for exercise.
You actually sounded smarter when you didn’t say anything.
I would tell you to go to hell but I don’t want to see you again.
If you were on fire with a bucket of water near you, I’d drink the water.
I’d slap you, but that’d be animal abuse.
I asked God to punish me, next day I met you.
If you were twice as wise you are now, you’d probably still be stupid!
Whenever I see your face, I feel like I am having a bad dream.
What would intelligence be without stupidity, see you are important.
Some people have no shame in denying the truth and defending a lie!
Insult is a monstrous scorpion, and compliment is a likeable nightingale; one stings mercilessly, and the other sings sweetly. – Mehmet Murat ildan
If you’re so smart, why aren’t you rich?
You want me to go to hell? I don’t think I am ready for a visit to your home yet.
B*tch, please, your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
The only positive thing about you is your HIV status.
You are so ugly that when you were born, God left this planet.